Nuh 2024
aal-e imran 2025


Ten days of Muharram
	•	This year’s spiritual focus:
	•	on top of every practice, recite Surah Aal-e Imran — everyone should read and contemplate it at least once, 
in English 
with or without halwet 

•	Yearly Reading Rotation:
	•	The reading alternates yearly between:
	•	Secret of Secrets (Grand Masters of Sufism)
	•	Guidance to Mysticism (GTM)
	•	One year: Secret of Secrets (SOS)
Next year: Guidance to Mysticism
	•	While reading, make Rabita (spiritual connection) with the Pirs (put each name with each book).

	•	Additional Optional Practices:
	•	Read What About My Wood Story — reflect on one story a day.
	•	Contemplate on Allah’s names. 
write in a journal, record what came to you. 
These can be added individually or all together or none during the Muharram practice

For teachers group and khalifa manual:
Muharram practice
what is said in the video

on com
Muharram practice, also referred as halwet,
if you wish to do that
contact your center teachers


required from you:
1. - approve or not the edits

2. - is there a specific message to add for this year to it (see below specific msg about Nuh
done

3. - last year you shared it on com too and mention it is an optional practice, should we do that again this year?

edits: 
A. - took out the mention of "halwet" based on last year's video msg you shared (if you like me to send it to you plz indicate so) and replaced halwet with "Muharram practice" 

B- removed the word "double" in front of ismi jalal, which was confusing for some last year and you asked to delete

C- re-inserted the original spelling as in khalifa manual for "Ahmet Izettini Sayyadi,"


MUHARRAM PRACTICE

For Dervishes in the Ansari Qadiri Rifai Tariqa, Muharram practice starts on 
Muharram 1 and ends on Muharram 10.

Practices during the Ten Days: 
First: Ask for permission from your local spiritual leaders. 

[this part below was for 2024, may need to be updated:]
Make intention: 
This year’s intention: Connection to Allah
This year’s readings:  Surah Nuh and after that daily Quran readings 5-10 pages, and also Secret of Secrets. 
----

You shall also continue to do your daily assignments. 

Zikirs are as follows: 

1st Day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Kalima-i-Tawhid (La ilaha illallah) 1001

2nd Day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Kalima-i-Tawhid (La ilaha illallah) 1001
Hu 101
Ya Haqq 101
Ismi-Jalal (Allah) 1001

3rd Day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Ya Hayy 101
Ya Qayyum 101
Ya Wahhab 1001

4th Day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Ya Qahhar 101
Ya Latif 101
Ya Sattar (O Coverer) 101
Ya Hayy 1001

5th day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Ya Muhaymin 101
Ya Basit 101
Ya Majid 1001

6th Day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Ya Qabid 101
Ya Hadi 1001

7th Day 
Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim 101
Astaghfirullah 101
Salawat Sharif 501
Ya Wadud 101
Ya Hadi 101
Ya Quddus 1001

Every day and the only practice on the 8th, 9th, and 10th Days

3 times:
La ilaha illallah Muhammadan Rasulullah ya Khayrul halas ya Hizir (Khidr), ya Ilyas ya Hazreti Pir Abdul Qadir Geylani, ya Hazreti Pir Sultan Ahmed er Rifai, ya Rijalullah, ya Rijal al Ghayb, al Fatiha…

3 times: 
La ilaha illallah Muhammadan Rasulullah ya Khayrul Halas ya Hizir, ya Ilyas ya Pir Sultan Seyyid Ahmaden Bedevi, ya Hz. Pir Ibrahim al Dussuki, ya Sultan Seyyid Sadettin al Jibavi, ya Rijalullah ya Rijal al Ghayb, al Fatiha…

La ilaha illallah Muhammadan Rasulullah ya Khayrul Halas ya Hizir, ya Ilyas ya Pir Sultan Abul Hasanul Shazeli, Hunkar Haji Bektashi Veli, Mevlana Jalaluddin Rumi, Shah Nakshibend Mehmet Bahauddini Veysel Buhari, Haji Bayrami Veli, Haji Shabani Veli, Sumbulu Sinani Veli, Ibrahim Gulsheni, ya Rijalullah, ya Rijal al Ghayb, al Fatiha…

La ilaha illallah Muhammadan Rasulullah ya Khayrul Halas ya Hizir, ya Ilyas ya Hz. Pir Mahmud Hudayi, Ahmet Izettini Sayyadi, Pir Husameddin Ushaki, Mevlana Khalid, Jihangir Hasan Burhaneddin Effendi, Eshrefzade Abdullah Rumi, Ismail Rumi, Merkez Efendi, Nureddin Jerrahi, Seyyid Nizamoğlu Seyyid Seyfullah, Ummi Sinani Veli, Nasuhi Sultan, Karaja Ahmet Sultan, Shahkulu Sultan, Ayni Ali Babayi Veli, Idris Muhtefi, Husrev Chelebi, Shaykh Abdullah Hashimi, Shaykh Muhammed Ensari, Shaykh Muhyiddin Ensari, Shaykh Nureddin Ozal, Shaykh Taner and Shaykha Muzeyyen Ansari, ya Rijalullah, ya Rijal al Ghayb, al Fatiha…

La ilaha illallah Muhammadan Rasulullah ya Khayrul Halas ya Hizir, ya Ilyas ya Aktab ya Anjab, ya Abdal, ya Rijalullah, ya Rijal al Ghayb, ya Nukaba, ya Allah bi Lutfillah Fahiyattan Lahumul Fatiha ya Allah ya Hu

,



transcript:

I have a message from your sheikh, I have asked him about halvet question and he has said that he does not want nor has he ever wanted isolation.

He says that for our students, he would like people to ask for permission from their teachers, local teachers, and then do the prayers morning or evening.

And the teachers will take them into their rabita and every day pray for them just couple of times, two to three times, the prayers that they are doing.

For example, if they are doing la ilaha illallah, ya Allah, and all that, you know, the set, that day's prayer, for example, day one's prayer, the teacher does it, takes them into their rabita and does it couple of times.

And the intention this year is to connect better to Allah.

Every year's intention might be different.

And as you know, the message that came before was that they are going to read Surah Nuh and every day they will read five to ten pages of Quran and also Secret of Secrets.

These are the readings that they are supposed to have and they will also do their regular daily practice.

This will not replace it.

Alright, so this is the message, Huu
